DOCS-684 - Add new tab preference (#5056)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-03-01-manage.md

---
title: Open New Tabs by Default
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - manage
  - preferences
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to announce that a preference is now available that allows you to open a new tab by default every time you select a menu link in the left navigation pane. This preference is available only in the new UI. [Learn more](/docs/get-started/account-settings-preferences/#new-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce a new preference that lets you open menu links in the left navigation pane in a new tab by default. This option is available only in the new UI. [Learn more](/docs/get-started/account-settings-preferences/#new-ui).
```
